Fix slash to backslash conversions in url hashes for opening links in incognito (#4307)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Bugfix: Fixed crash that could occur when closing down a split at the wrong time. (#4277)
- Bugfix: Fixed crash that could occur when closing down the last of a channel when reloading emotes. (#4278)
- Bugfix: Fixed scrollbar highlight colors when changing message history limit. (#4288)

> - Bugfix: Fixed slashes getting changed to backslashes in url hash when opening links in incognito on windows (#4307)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bugfix: Fixed an issue on Windows when opening links in incognito mode that contained forward slashes. (#4307)
```
Better user-facing changelog
